generated/bulletpoints-only_output_en.md, before:

# Kühn András Gábor
### Bulletpoints-only CV for a quick yet detailed overview

###### _See the rest on my GitHub page:_
###### _[http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv ](http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv)_

# Personal info

 * **Location:** [Szeged, Hungary](https://maps.app.goo.gl/HrTJQS68Pcr1mWZY9)

 * **Email:** [kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com](mailto:kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com)

 * **Social:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-k%C3%BChn-58251070/)

 * **Visuals:** [Gallery](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/17BtC\_NqO1VWdKJ8OTOcvbAuNRcr1uOjr)

<img src="../images/profile.jpg" alt="profile_picture" width="200">


## Objectives & Aspirations

* Long-term career in a field aligned with my passions
* Clear opportunities for growth and advancement
* Work-life balance with remote work or flexible hours
* Competitive compensation
* Involvement in meaningful and engaging projects
* Opportunities for continuous learning and professional development
* A balance of autonomy and collaborative teamwork

# Professional experience

- Over a decade of diverse professional experience spanning various fields:
  - **Machine learning**
  - **Web development**
  - **3D visualizations**
  - Professional **photography**
- Experience in leadership roles in **smaller teams**, including:
  - CEO of a tech startup, leading a complex multiplayer **online game development** project
  - CTO of a startup providing **AI-powered data management** and SaaS solutions for aviation and heavy industries
- Very best at **creative design and problem-solving**
- Excel in multicultural environments due to strong English skills
- Eye for detail and passion for technology and innovation


## 2020 – Present: Data Science, Machine Learning, Full-Stack Developer & Acting CTO at Pzartech Ltd.


* Full-stack web development on .Net Core, Blazor, Razor, MongoDB, MAUI
* ML/AI development with Python
* Image classifier and OCR system training and deployment
* CI/CD with Azure DevOps, Azure Portal
* Version control with Git through Azure DevOps

### Web based data management software

* SaaS software structure and design consultation for ERP software
* Azure cloud resource deployment and management
* Azure DevOps project management, CI/CD
* .Net Blazor Razor pages based project with MAUI multiplatform build targets
  * Azure bucket storage integration and management
  * API connections between
    * frontend server
    * core server
    * various recognition module servers
  * Image and Character recognition development and integration
  * Responsive UI with MudBlazor (although I'm not really a front-end developer)
  * ElasticSearch based page and usage analytics prototype
  * Media storage and streaming prototype with Azure media services
  * SAP integration prototype for SAP HANA S/4 Product Master Data

#### Skills used/developed
  * C#, Python, HTML
  * .Net Core, Blazor, Razor, MongoDB, MAUI
  * Azure DevOps, Azure Portal, CI/CD
  * Version control with Git through Azure DevOps

### Machine learning and training

* ML dataset generation
  * Raw video processing, segmentation, enhancement, evaluation for semi-synth data
  * Realistic generation of labeled synthetic images
  * Dataset management and tooling
* ML Training
  * Image quality assessment network for training data evaluation
  * Bounding box generation network for training data evaluation
  * Image classifier network for industrial part recognition
  * Optical character recognition system
* Integrating with existing SaaS architecture in Azure’s cloud
* Performance charting and analysis


#### Skills used/developed
  * C# for the API, but mostly Python for training and inference
  * FastAi, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Jupyter notebooks and Paperspace Gradient
  * Flask, seaborn, matplotlib, pandas, numpy
  * Docker, Docker-Compose

## 2011 – Present: Freelance Professional (Photography, 3D Graphics, Webdesign, Architectural Visualization)


* Designing and modeling houses and environments
* Creating 3D models and animations
* PHP3 and Magento-based online store
* Multilanguage checklist app for iOS
* Branding, advertising, logo and web design
* Freelance photography
* Remodeling and renovation work

#### *3D modelling and visual effects*

* visualizing and rendering various natural disasters
* distributed rendering locally on several machines
* physics simulation including fluids, smoke, collisions, and destruction


### [Go to 3D gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/3d/freelance-3d-gallery_en.md)

#### Interactive Architectural Visualization

* Real-time interactive demo software using Unreal Engine 4
* Hybrid lighting, using both real-time reflections and switchable dynamic lights, with pre-baked lightmaps
* Realistic PBR materials and textures
* Custom model generators for kitchen cabinets and a sunlight based 3D plant-growth model in Houdini

### [Go to interactive gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-interactive/freelance-archviz-interactive-gallery_en.md)

#### Realistic Architectural Visualization

* Realistic rendering
* Solar gain analysis 
* Quick and dirty mockup from on-site photos and measurements


### [Go to realistic gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-realistic/freelance-archviz-realistic-gallery_en.md)

## 2014\. – 2020\. Stoneglass Labs KFT., Szeged (CEO)


* Corporate administration
* Project management
* Business negotiation
* Software and hardware acquisition
* Network and sysadmin tasks
* Administrative tasks

### *Stars End (MMORPG game software project)*



* Creative lead design
* Software design and development
  * Engine customization
    * Unity 3D
    * Unreal Engine 4
  * Architecture
  * Network communication
  * Data security
  * Scalability
* Gamedesign
  * Graphics design
    * Brand
    * 2D, 3D assets
    * UI/UX
    * VFX, shaders
    * AI, FSM
  * Sound and music
  * Level design
  * Story, missions and background info
* Development of content generation tools and additional software

### [Go to starsend gallery](../sections/experience/starsend/starsend-gallery_en.md)

# Studies
* **Business Coaching** *(2013 – 2014\)*
  Basic business workflow and management training through Támop 2.3.6 grant.
* **Tripont Light Academy 1-2-3** *(2011 – 2013\)*
  Comprehensive training in lighting techniques, various photography disciplines, and project management.
* **SZTE JGYPK, Web Programmer Certificate** *(2010 – 2011, Incomplete)*
  Gained foundational skills in web development, including HTML, Java, SQL, and graphic design. Lost interest and
  shifted to photography and entrepreneurship.
* **SZTE TTIK, Computer Engineering BSc.** *(2008 – 2010, Incomplete)*
  Attended courses in programming (C, Assembly), computer architecture, discrete mathematics, and algorithms. Did not
  complete the degree, switched career focus.

# Skills and competencies

## Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
  * **Experienced:** C#, Python
  * **Proficient:** C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP
  * **Familiar:** Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, Google Script, assembly

### Frameworks and Technologies
  * **Web Development Frameworks:**
    * **Experienced:** .NET Core, Blazor, Razor, MAUI, MudBlazor
    * **Proficient:** Angular
    * **Familiar:** Flask

  * **Machine Learning Frameworks and Tools:**
    * **Familiar:** FastAI, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit, Jupyter Notebooks, Paperspace Gradient

  * **DevOps and Containerization:**
    * **Experienced:** Azure DevOps
    * **Proficient:** CI/CD pipeline implementation
    * **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose

  * **Data Analysis and Visualization:**
    * **Familiar:** Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

### Databases and Data Management

* **Proficient:** MongoDB, SQL databases (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server)
* **Familiar:** ElasticSearch

### Cloud Services and DevOps

* **Experienced:** Azure DevOps, Portal, Storage, App services and VMs
* **Proficient:** Azure Resource Management, CI/CD pipeline implementation
* **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose, Azure Media Services

### Software and Tools

* **Version Control:**
  * **Experienced:** with Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub)
  * **Familiar:** with SVN

* **3D Graphics and Modeling:**
  * **Experienced:** Blender 3D, Unreal Engine 4, Unity 3D
  * **Proficient:** Substance Painter, Substance Designer, SketchUp, V*Ray
  * **Familiar:** Houdini, SolidWorks CAD, ArchiCAD, CATIA, Fusion 360

* **Adobe Creative Suite:**
  * Experienced with Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom

### Creative Design and Game Development

* 2D/3D asset creation, vector graphics, modeling, texturing, lighting, and rendering
* UI/UX design for web and applications
* Visual storytelling and game design
* VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling
* Experience with game development and engine customization in Unity 3D and Unreal Engine 4
* Animation and physics simulation


## Professional Skills:

* **Project Management:**
  Experience managing projects from conception to completion, including software development, marketing campaigns, and
  creative projects. Familiar with Agile methodologies and Azure DevOps for CI/CD pipeline management.
* **Business and Negotiation:**
  Experience in business negotiation, client management, and corporate administration. Skilled in developing and
  executing strategic business plans.
* **Creative and Design Skills:**
  Strong background in creative design, including 2D/3D asset creation, UI/UX design, and visual storytelling for gaming
  and simulation. Experienced in VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling.

## Soft Skills:

* **Leadership:**
Experience in managing smaller cross-functional teams in mostly startup environments. Capable of mediating
  conflicts and fostering a collaborative workplace.
* **Communication:**
  Fluent in English (C2) and beginner in German (A1). Skilled in clear and effective communication with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* **Problem-Solving and Adaptability:**
  Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to solve complex problems and adapt to new challenges.
  Comfortable learning new technologies and tools independently.

Commit message:

Ai chatbot link and files for it.

generated/bulletpoints-only_output_en.md, after:

# Kühn András Gábor
### Bulletpoints-only CV for a quick yet detailed overview

###### _See the rest on my GitHub page:_ _[http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv ](http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv)_
###### _Or chat with me / about my CV with my GPT chatbot:_ _[https://chatgpt.com/g/g-CwjQO2tT5-curriculum-virtuale](https://chatgpt.com/g/g-CwjQO2tT5-curriculum-virtuale)_


# Personal info

 * **Location:** [Szeged, Hungary](https://maps.app.goo.gl/HrTJQS68Pcr1mWZY9)

 * **Email:** [kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com](mailto:kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com)

 * **Social:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-k%C3%BChn-58251070/)

 * **Visuals:** [Gallery](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/17BtC\_NqO1VWdKJ8OTOcvbAuNRcr1uOjr)

<img src="../images/profile.jpg" alt="profile_picture" width="200">


## Objectives & Aspirations

* Long-term career in a field aligned with my passions
* Clear opportunities for growth and advancement
* Work-life balance with remote work or flexible hours
* Competitive compensation
* Involvement in meaningful and engaging projects
* Opportunities for continuous learning and professional development
* A balance of autonomy and collaborative teamwork

# Professional experience

- Over a decade of diverse professional experience spanning various fields:
  - **Machine learning**
  - **Web development**
  - **3D visualizations**
  - Professional **photography**
- Experience in leadership roles in **smaller teams**, including:
  - CEO of a tech startup, leading a complex multiplayer **online game development** project
  - CTO of a startup providing **AI-powered data management** and SaaS solutions for aviation and heavy industries
- Very best at **creative design and problem-solving**
- Excel in multicultural environments due to strong English skills
- Eye for detail and passion for technology and innovation


## 2020 – Present: Data Science, Machine Learning, Full-Stack Developer & Acting CTO at Pzartech Ltd.


* Full-stack web development on .Net Core, Blazor, Razor, MongoDB, MAUI
* ML/AI development with Python
* Image classifier and OCR system training and deployment
* CI/CD with Azure DevOps, Azure Portal
* Version control with Git through Azure DevOps

### Web based data management software

* SaaS software structure and design consultation for ERP software
* Azure cloud resource deployment and management
* Azure DevOps project management, CI/CD
* .Net Blazor Razor pages based project with MAUI multiplatform build targets
  * Azure bucket storage integration and management
  * API connections between
    * frontend server
    * core server
    * various recognition module servers
  * Image and Character recognition development and integration
  * Responsive UI with MudBlazor (although I'm not really a front-end developer)
  * ElasticSearch based page and usage analytics prototype
  * Media storage and streaming prototype with Azure media services
  * SAP integration prototype for SAP HANA S/4 Product Master Data

#### Skills used/developed
  * C#, Python, HTML
  * .Net Core, Blazor, Razor, MongoDB, MAUI
  * Azure DevOps, Azure Portal, CI/CD
  * Version control with Git through Azure DevOps

### Machine learning and training

* ML dataset generation
  * Raw video processing, segmentation, enhancement, evaluation for semi-synth data
  * Realistic generation of labeled synthetic images
  * Dataset management and tooling
* ML Training
  * Image quality assessment network for training data evaluation
  * Bounding box generation network for training data evaluation
  * Image classifier network for industrial part recognition
  * Optical character recognition system
* Integrating with existing SaaS architecture in Azure’s cloud
* Performance charting and analysis


#### Skills used/developed
  * C# for the API, but mostly Python for training and inference
  * FastAi, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Jupyter notebooks and Paperspace Gradient
  * Flask, seaborn, matplotlib, pandas, numpy
  * Docker, Docker-Compose

## 2011 – Present: Freelance Professional (Photography, 3D Graphics, Webdesign, Architectural Visualization)


* Designing and modeling houses and environments
* Creating 3D models and animations
* PHP3 and Magento-based online store
* Multilanguage checklist app for iOS
* Branding, advertising, logo and web design
* Freelance photography
* Remodeling and renovation work

#### *3D modelling and visual effects*

* visualizing and rendering various natural disasters
* distributed rendering locally on several machines
* physics simulation including fluids, smoke, collisions, and destruction


### [Go to 3D gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/3d/freelance-3d-gallery_en.md)

#### Interactive Architectural Visualization

* Real-time interactive demo software using Unreal Engine 4
* Hybrid lighting, using both real-time reflections and switchable dynamic lights, with pre-baked lightmaps
* Realistic PBR materials and textures
* Custom model generators for kitchen cabinets and a sunlight based 3D plant-growth model in Houdini

### [Go to interactive gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-interactive/freelance-archviz-interactive-gallery_en.md)

#### Realistic Architectural Visualization

* Realistic rendering
* Solar gain analysis 
* Quick and dirty mockup from on-site photos and measurements


### [Go to realistic gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-realistic/freelance-archviz-realistic-gallery_en.md)

## 2014\. – 2020\. Stoneglass Labs KFT., Szeged (CEO)


* Corporate administration
* Project management
* Business negotiation
* Software and hardware acquisition
* Network and sysadmin tasks
* Administrative tasks

### *Stars End (MMORPG game software project)*



* Creative lead design
* Software design and development
  * Engine customization
    * Unity 3D
    * Unreal Engine 4
  * Architecture
  * Network communication
  * Data security
  * Scalability
* Gamedesign
  * Graphics design
    * Brand
    * 2D, 3D assets
    * UI/UX
    * VFX, shaders
    * AI, FSM
  * Sound and music
  * Level design
  * Story, missions and background info
* Development of content generation tools and additional software

### [Go to starsend gallery](../sections/experience/starsend/starsend-gallery_en.md)

# Studies
* **Business Coaching** *(2013 – 2014\)*
  Basic business workflow and management training through Támop 2.3.6 grant.
* **Tripont Light Academy 1-2-3** *(2011 – 2013\)*
  Comprehensive training in lighting techniques, various photography disciplines, and project management.
* **SZTE JGYPK, Web Programmer Certificate** *(2010 – 2011, Incomplete)*
  Gained foundational skills in web development, including HTML, Java, SQL, and graphic design. Lost interest and
  shifted to photography and entrepreneurship.
* **SZTE TTIK, Computer Engineering BSc.** *(2008 – 2010, Incomplete)*
  Attended courses in programming (C, Assembly), computer architecture, discrete mathematics, and algorithms. Did not
  complete the degree, switched career focus.

# Skills and competencies

## Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
  * **Experienced:** C#, Python
  * **Proficient:** C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP
  * **Familiar:** Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, Google Script, assembly

### Frameworks and Technologies
  * **Web Development Frameworks:**
    * **Experienced:** .NET Core, Blazor, Razor, MAUI, MudBlazor
    * **Proficient:** Angular
    * **Familiar:** Flask

  * **Machine Learning Frameworks and Tools:**
    * **Familiar:** FastAI, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit, Jupyter Notebooks, Paperspace Gradient

  * **DevOps and Containerization:**
    * **Experienced:** Azure DevOps
    * **Proficient:** CI/CD pipeline implementation
    * **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose

  * **Data Analysis and Visualization:**
    * **Familiar:** Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

### Databases and Data Management

* **Proficient:** MongoDB, SQL databases (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server)
* **Familiar:** ElasticSearch

### Cloud Services and DevOps

* **Experienced:** Azure DevOps, Portal, Storage, App services and VMs
* **Proficient:** Azure Resource Management, CI/CD pipeline implementation
* **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose, Azure Media Services

### Software and Tools

* **Version Control:**
  * **Experienced:** with Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub)
  * **Familiar:** with SVN

* **3D Graphics and Modeling:**
  * **Experienced:** Blender 3D, Unreal Engine 4, Unity 3D
  * **Proficient:** Substance Painter, Substance Designer, SketchUp, V*Ray
  * **Familiar:** Houdini, SolidWorks CAD, ArchiCAD, CATIA, Fusion 360

* **Adobe Creative Suite:**
  * Experienced with Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom

### Creative Design and Game Development

* 2D/3D asset creation, vector graphics, modeling, texturing, lighting, and rendering
* UI/UX design for web and applications
* Visual storytelling and game design
* VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling
* Experience with game development and engine customization in Unity 3D and Unreal Engine 4
* Animation and physics simulation


## Professional Skills:

* **Project Management:**
  Experience managing projects from conception to completion, including software development, marketing campaigns, and
  creative projects. Familiar with Agile methodologies and Azure DevOps for CI/CD pipeline management.
* **Business and Negotiation:**
  Experience in business negotiation, client management, and corporate administration. Skilled in developing and
  executing strategic business plans.
* **Creative and Design Skills:**
  Strong background in creative design, including 2D/3D asset creation, UI/UX design, and visual storytelling for gaming
  and simulation. Experienced in VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling.

## Soft Skills:

* **Leadership:**
Experience in managing smaller cross-functional teams in mostly startup environments. Capable of mediating
  conflicts and fostering a collaborative workplace.
* **Communication:**
  Fluent in English (C2) and beginner in German (A1). Skilled in clear and effective communication with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* **Problem-Solving and Adaptability:**
  Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to solve complex problems and adapt to new challenges.
  Comfortable learning new technologies and tools independently.
