generated/short_output_en.md, before:

# Kühn András Gábor
### Short CV for a surface-level overview of my skills and experience

###### _See the rest on my GitHub page:_
###### _[http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv ](http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv)_

# Personal info

 * **Location:** [Szeged, Hungary](https://maps.app.goo.gl/HrTJQS68Pcr1mWZY9)

 * **Email:** [kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com](mailto:kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com)

 * **Social:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-k%C3%BChn-58251070/)

 * **Visuals:** [Gallery](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/17BtC\_NqO1VWdKJ8OTOcvbAuNRcr1uOjr)

<img src="../images/profile.jpg" alt="profile_picture" width="200">


## Objectives & Aspirations

I'm seeking a long-term career with opportunities for growth, working on meaningful projects, ideally in a remote or flexible work environment.

# Professional experience

I'm a professional with over a decade of diverse experience spanning various fields, ranging from **machine learning** and **web development** through **3D visualizations** to professional **photography**, leadership experience, and a wide range of technical skills.

## 2020 – Present: Data Science, Machine Learning, Full-Stack Developer & Acting CTO at Pzartech Ltd.


Initially a freelance developer, ended up as acting CTO, in charge of all development and architecture decisions.

### Web based data management software

I was in charge of developing a web-based data management system, focusing on MRO and industrial clients, enhanced by Ai search tools.

### Machine learning and training

#### Image Classifier

I was tasked with improving the results and scope of the image classifier network we used for industrial part recognition.

#### OCR

Another task of mine was the prototyping of an OCR software solution, where we had to detect writing from stamped machine parts to hand-engraved dotmatrix serial numbers.

<!-- PAGEBREAK -->

## 2011 – Present: Freelance Professional (Photography, 3D Graphics, Webdesign, Architectural Visualization)


Worked on a multilanguage checklist app for iOS, a PHP Magento-based online store, interactive, real-time 3D architectural visualization projects, 3D modeling and animation, branding, advertising, logo and web design and as a freelance photographer.

#### *3D modelling and visual effects*

I had the opportunity to work on some 3D visualizations for interactive training material related to natural disasters.

### [Go to 3D gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/3d/freelance-3d-gallery_en.md)

#### Interactive Architectural Visualization

Real-time walking simulation in Unreal Engine 4, with interactive elements.

### [Go to interactive gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-interactive/freelance-archviz-interactive-gallery_en.md)

#### Realistic Architectural Visualization

Quick and dirty, but still reasonably realistic renders of two gardens on a two-day deadline.

### [Go to realistic gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-realistic/freelance-archviz-realistic-gallery_en.md)

## 2014\. – 2020\. Stoneglass Labs KFT., Szeged (CEO)


Headed a software development team in a small company developing an ambitious online multiplayer game.


### *Stars End (MMORPG game software project)*



We were developing a real-time Sci-Fi massively multiplayer online role-playing game.

### [Go to starsend gallery](../sections/experience/starsend/starsend-gallery_en.md)

# Studies
* **Business Coaching** *(2013 – 2014\)*
  Basic business workflow and management training through Támop 2.3.6 grant.
* **Tripont Light Academy 1-2-3** *(2011 – 2013\)*
  Comprehensive training in lighting techniques, various photography disciplines, and project management.
* **SZTE JGYPK, Web Programmer Certificate** *(2010 – 2011, Incomplete)*
  Gained foundational skills in web development, including HTML, Java, SQL, and graphic design. Lost interest and
  shifted to photography and entrepreneurship.
* **SZTE TTIK, Computer Engineering BSc.** *(2008 – 2010, Incomplete)*
  Attended courses in programming (C, Assembly), computer architecture, discrete mathematics, and algorithms. Did not
  complete the degree, switched career focus.

<!-- PAGEBREAK -->

# Skills and competencies

## Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
  * **Experienced:** C#, Python
  * **Proficient:** C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP
  * **Familiar:** Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, Google Script, assembly

### Frameworks and Technologies
  * **Web Development Frameworks:**
    * **Experienced:** .NET Core, Blazor, Razor, MAUI, MudBlazor
    * **Proficient:** Angular
    * **Familiar:** Flask

  * **Machine Learning Frameworks and Tools:**
    * **Familiar:** FastAI, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit, Jupyter Notebooks, Paperspace Gradient

  * **DevOps and Containerization:**
    * **Experienced:** Azure DevOps
    * **Proficient:** CI/CD pipeline implementation
    * **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose

  * **Data Analysis and Visualization:**
    * **Familiar:** Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

### Databases and Data Management

* **Proficient:** MongoDB, SQL databases (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server)
* **Familiar:** ElasticSearch

### Cloud Services and DevOps

* **Experienced:** Azure DevOps, Portal, Storage, App services and VMs
* **Proficient:** Azure Resource Management, CI/CD pipeline implementation
* **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose, Azure Media Services

### Software and Tools

* **Version Control:**
  * **Experienced:** with Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub)
  * **Familiar:** with SVN

* **3D Graphics and Modeling:**
  * **Experienced:** Blender 3D, Unreal Engine 4, Unity 3D
  * **Proficient:** Substance Painter, Substance Designer, SketchUp, V*Ray
  * **Familiar:** Houdini, SolidWorks CAD, ArchiCAD, CATIA, Fusion 360

* **Adobe Creative Suite:**
  * Experienced with Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom

### Creative Design and Game Development

* 2D/3D asset creation, vector graphics, modeling, texturing, lighting, and rendering
* UI/UX design for web and applications
* Visual storytelling and game design
* VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling
* Experience with game development and engine customization in Unity 3D and Unreal Engine 4
* Animation and physics simulation


## Professional Skills:

* **Project Management:**
  Experience managing projects from conception to completion, including software development, marketing campaigns, and
  creative projects. Familiar with Agile methodologies and Azure DevOps for CI/CD pipeline management.
* **Business and Negotiation:**
  Experience in business negotiation, client management, and corporate administration. Skilled in developing and
  executing strategic business plans.
* **Creative and Design Skills:**
  Strong background in creative design, including 2D/3D asset creation, UI/UX design, and visual storytelling for gaming
  and simulation. Experienced in VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling.

## Soft Skills:

* **Leadership:**
Experience in managing smaller cross-functional teams in mostly startup environments. Capable of mediating
  conflicts and fostering a collaborative workplace.
* **Communication:**
  Fluent in English (C2) and beginner in German (A1). Skilled in clear and effective communication with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* **Problem-Solving and Adaptability:**
  Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to solve complex problems and adapt to new challenges.
  Comfortable learning new technologies and tools independently.

Commit message:

Ai chatbot link and files for it.

generated/short_output_en.md, after:

# Kühn András Gábor
### Short CV for a surface-level overview of my skills and experience

###### _See the rest on my GitHub page:_ _[http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv ](http://github.com/kuhnandrasgabor/cv)_
###### _Or chat with me / about my CV with my GPT chatbot:_ _[https://chatgpt.com/g/g-CwjQO2tT5-curriculum-virtuale](https://chatgpt.com/g/g-CwjQO2tT5-curriculum-virtuale)_


# Personal info

 * **Location:** [Szeged, Hungary](https://maps.app.goo.gl/HrTJQS68Pcr1mWZY9)

 * **Email:** [kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com](mailto:kuhnandrasgabor@gmail.com)

 * **Social:** [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/andrew-k%C3%BChn-58251070/)

 * **Visuals:** [Gallery](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/1/folders/17BtC\_NqO1VWdKJ8OTOcvbAuNRcr1uOjr)

<img src="../images/profile.jpg" alt="profile_picture" width="200">


## Objectives & Aspirations

I'm seeking a long-term career with opportunities for growth, working on meaningful projects, ideally in a remote or flexible work environment.

# Professional experience

I'm a professional with over a decade of diverse experience spanning various fields, ranging from **machine learning** and **web development** through **3D visualizations** to professional **photography**, leadership experience, and a wide range of technical skills.

## 2020 – Present: Data Science, Machine Learning, Full-Stack Developer & Acting CTO at Pzartech Ltd.


Initially a freelance developer, ended up as acting CTO, in charge of all development and architecture decisions.

### Web based data management software

I was in charge of developing a web-based data management system, focusing on MRO and industrial clients, enhanced by Ai search tools.

### Machine learning and training

#### Image Classifier

I was tasked with improving the results and scope of the image classifier network we used for industrial part recognition.

#### OCR

Another task of mine was the prototyping of an OCR software solution, where we had to detect writing from stamped machine parts to hand-engraved dotmatrix serial numbers.

<!-- PAGEBREAK -->

## 2011 – Present: Freelance Professional (Photography, 3D Graphics, Webdesign, Architectural Visualization)


Worked on a multilanguage checklist app for iOS, a PHP Magento-based online store, interactive, real-time 3D architectural visualization projects, 3D modeling and animation, branding, advertising, logo and web design and as a freelance photographer.

#### *3D modelling and visual effects*

I had the opportunity to work on some 3D visualizations for interactive training material related to natural disasters.

### [Go to 3D gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/3d/freelance-3d-gallery_en.md)

#### Interactive Architectural Visualization

Real-time walking simulation in Unreal Engine 4, with interactive elements.

### [Go to interactive gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-interactive/freelance-archviz-interactive-gallery_en.md)

#### Realistic Architectural Visualization

Quick and dirty, but still reasonably realistic renders of two gardens on a two-day deadline.

### [Go to realistic gallery](../sections/experience/freelance/archviz-realistic/freelance-archviz-realistic-gallery_en.md)

## 2014\. – 2020\. Stoneglass Labs KFT., Szeged (CEO)


Headed a software development team in a small company developing an ambitious online multiplayer game.


### *Stars End (MMORPG game software project)*



We were developing a real-time Sci-Fi massively multiplayer online role-playing game.

### [Go to starsend gallery](../sections/experience/starsend/starsend-gallery_en.md)

# Studies
* **Business Coaching** *(2013 – 2014\)*
  Basic business workflow and management training through Támop 2.3.6 grant.
* **Tripont Light Academy 1-2-3** *(2011 – 2013\)*
  Comprehensive training in lighting techniques, various photography disciplines, and project management.
* **SZTE JGYPK, Web Programmer Certificate** *(2010 – 2011, Incomplete)*
  Gained foundational skills in web development, including HTML, Java, SQL, and graphic design. Lost interest and
  shifted to photography and entrepreneurship.
* **SZTE TTIK, Computer Engineering BSc.** *(2008 – 2010, Incomplete)*
  Attended courses in programming (C, Assembly), computer architecture, discrete mathematics, and algorithms. Did not
  complete the degree, switched career focus.

<!-- PAGEBREAK -->

# Skills and competencies

## Technical Skills

### Programming Languages
  * **Experienced:** C#, Python
  * **Proficient:** C++, HTML, CSS, SQL, PHP
  * **Familiar:** Java, JavaScript, TypeScript, C, Google Script, assembly

### Frameworks and Technologies
  * **Web Development Frameworks:**
    * **Experienced:** .NET Core, Blazor, Razor, MAUI, MudBlazor
    * **Proficient:** Angular
    * **Familiar:** Flask

  * **Machine Learning Frameworks and Tools:**
    * **Familiar:** FastAI, PyTorch, TensorFlow, Scikit, Jupyter Notebooks, Paperspace Gradient

  * **DevOps and Containerization:**
    * **Experienced:** Azure DevOps
    * **Proficient:** CI/CD pipeline implementation
    * **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose

  * **Data Analysis and Visualization:**
    * **Familiar:** Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Seaborn

### Databases and Data Management

* **Proficient:** MongoDB, SQL databases (e.g., MySQL, SQL Server)
* **Familiar:** ElasticSearch

### Cloud Services and DevOps

* **Experienced:** Azure DevOps, Portal, Storage, App services and VMs
* **Proficient:** Azure Resource Management, CI/CD pipeline implementation
* **Familiar:** Docker, Docker Compose, Azure Media Services

### Software and Tools

* **Version Control:**
  * **Experienced:** with Git (Azure DevOps, GitHub)
  * **Familiar:** with SVN

* **3D Graphics and Modeling:**
  * **Experienced:** Blender 3D, Unreal Engine 4, Unity 3D
  * **Proficient:** Substance Painter, Substance Designer, SketchUp, V*Ray
  * **Familiar:** Houdini, SolidWorks CAD, ArchiCAD, CATIA, Fusion 360

* **Adobe Creative Suite:**
  * Experienced with Adobe Photoshop and Adobe Lightroom

### Creative Design and Game Development

* 2D/3D asset creation, vector graphics, modeling, texturing, lighting, and rendering
* UI/UX design for web and applications
* Visual storytelling and game design
* VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling
* Experience with game development and engine customization in Unity 3D and Unreal Engine 4
* Animation and physics simulation


## Professional Skills:

* **Project Management:**
  Experience managing projects from conception to completion, including software development, marketing campaigns, and
  creative projects. Familiar with Agile methodologies and Azure DevOps for CI/CD pipeline management.
* **Business and Negotiation:**
  Experience in business negotiation, client management, and corporate administration. Skilled in developing and
  executing strategic business plans.
* **Creative and Design Skills:**
  Strong background in creative design, including 2D/3D asset creation, UI/UX design, and visual storytelling for gaming
  and simulation. Experienced in VFX, shaders, and procedural/parametric modeling.

## Soft Skills:

* **Leadership:**
Experience in managing smaller cross-functional teams in mostly startup environments. Capable of mediating
  conflicts and fostering a collaborative workplace.
* **Communication:**
  Fluent in English (C2) and beginner in German (A1). Skilled in clear and effective communication with both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
* **Problem-Solving and Adaptability:**
  Strong analytical skills with a demonstrated ability to solve complex problems and adapt to new challenges.
  Comfortable learning new technologies and tools independently.
